configure voice ont sip-config ont:1/1/2/4/9/1 proxyserv-prof none outproxyserv-prof name:asbg.ims.etisalat.ae aor-host-prt-prof name:ims.etisalat.ae registrar-prof none
configure voice ont sip-config ont:1/1/3/1/1/1 proxyserv-prof none outproxyserv-prof name:asbg.ims.etisalat.ae aor-host-prt-prof name:ims.etisalat.ae registrar-prof none
configure voice ont sip-config ont:1/1/3/1/2/1 proxyserv-prof none outproxyserv-prof name:asbg.ims.etisalat.ae aor-host-prt-prof name:ims.etisalat.ae registrar-prof none
configure voice ont sip-config ont:1/1/3/1/4/1 proxyserv-prof none outproxyserv-prof name:asbg.ims.etisalat.ae aor-host-prt-prof name:ims.etisalat.ae registrar-prof none
configure voice ont sip-config ont:1/1/3/5/5/1 proxyserv-prof none outproxyserv-prof name:asbg.ims.etisalat.ae aor-host-prt-prof name:ims.etisalat.ae registrar-prof none
configure voice ont sip-config ont:1/1/3/5/60/1 proxyserv-prof none outproxyserv-prof name:asbg.ims.etisalat.ae aor-host-prt-prof name:ims.etisalat.ae registrar-prof none
configure voice ont sip-config ont:1/1/3/5/61/1 proxyserv-prof none outproxyserv-prof name:asbg.ims.etisalat.ae aor-host-prt-prof name:ims.etisalat.ae registrar-prof none
configure voice ont sip-config ont:1/1/3/6/21/1 proxyserv-prof none outproxyserv-prof name:asbg.ims.etisalat.ae aor-host-prt-prof name:ims.etisalat.ae registrar-prof none
configure voice ont sip-config ont:1/1/3/6/31/1 proxyserv-prof none outproxyserv-prof name:asbg.ims.etisalat.ae aor-host-prt-prof name:ims.etisalat.ae registrar-prof none
configure voice ont sip-config ont:1/1/3/6/32/1 proxyserv-prof none outproxyserv-prof name:asbg.ims.etisalat.ae aor-host-prt-prof name:ims.etisalat.ae registrar-prof none
configure voice ont sip-config ont:1/1/3/6/33/1 proxyserv-prof none outproxyserv-prof name:asbg.ims.etisalat.ae aor-host-prt-prof name:ims.etisalat.ae registrar-prof none
configure voice ont sip-config ont:1/1/3/6/63/1 proxyserv-prof none outproxyserv-prof name:asbg.ims.etisalat.ae aor-host-prt-prof name:ims.etisalat.ae registrar-prof none
configure voice ont sip-config ont:1/1/3/8/63/1 proxyserv-prof none outproxyserv-prof name:asbg.ims.etisalat.ae aor-host-prt-prof name:ims.etisalat.ae registrar-prof none
configure voice ont sip-config ont:1/1/3/8/64/1 proxyserv-prof none outproxyserv-prof name:asbg.ims.etisalat.ae aor-host-prt-prof name:ims.etisalat.ae registrar-prof none
configure voice ont sip-config ont:1/1/3/8/65/1 proxyserv-prof none outproxyserv-prof name:asbg.ims.etisalat.ae aor-host-prt-prof name:ims.etisalat.ae registrar-prof none
configure voice ont sip-config ont:1/1/3/10/5/1 proxyserv-prof none outproxyserv-prof name:asbg.ims.etisalat.ae aor-host-prt-prof name:ims.etisalat.ae registrar-prof none
configure voice ont sip-config ont:1/1/3/10/60/1 proxyserv-prof none outproxyserv-prof name:asbg.ims.etisalat.ae aor-host-prt-prof name:ims.etisalat.ae registrar-prof none
configure voice ont sip-config ont:1/1/3/10/61/1 proxyserv-prof none outproxyserv-prof name:asbg.ims.etisalat.ae aor-host-prt-prof name:ims.etisalat.ae registrar-prof none
configure voice ont sip-config ont:1/1/10/4/1/1 proxyserv-prof none outproxyserv-prof name:asbg.ims.etisalat.ae aor-host-prt-prof name:ims.etisalat.ae registrar-prof none
configure voice ont sip-config ont:1/1/10/4/2/1 proxyserv-prof none outproxyserv-prof name:asbg.ims.etisalat.ae aor-host-prt-prof name:ims.etisalat.ae registrar-prof none
configure voice ont sip-config ont:1/1/14/4/13/1 proxyserv-prof none outproxyserv-prof name:asbg.ims.etisalat.ae aor-host-prt-prof name:ims.etisalat.ae registrar-prof none
configure voice ont sip-config ont:1/1/14/4/14/1 proxyserv-prof none outproxyserv-prof name:asbg.ims.etisalat.ae aor-host-prt-prof name:ims.etisalat.ae registrar-prof none
configure voice ont sip-config ont:1/1/14/6/1/1 proxyserv-prof none outproxyserv-prof name:asbg.ims.etisalat.ae aor-host-prt-prof name:ims.etisalat.ae registrar-prof none
configure voice ont sip-config ont:1/1/14/6/2/1 proxyserv-prof none outproxyserv-prof name:asbg.ims.etisalat.ae aor-host-prt-prof name:ims.etisalat.ae registrar-prof none
configure voice ont sip-config ont:1/1/14/7/4/1 proxyserv-prof none outproxyserv-prof name:asbg.ims.etisalat.ae aor-host-prt-prof name:ims.etisalat.ae registrar-prof none
