admin equipment ont interface 1/1/2/4/9 reboot with-active-image
admin equipment ont interface 1/1/3/1/1 reboot with-active-image
admin equipment ont interface 1/1/3/1/2 reboot with-active-image
admin equipment ont interface 1/1/3/1/4 reboot with-active-image
admin equipment ont interface 1/1/3/5/5 reboot with-active-image
admin equipment ont interface 1/1/3/5/60 reboot with-active-image
admin equipment ont interface 1/1/3/5/61 reboot with-active-image
admin equipment ont interface 1/1/3/6/21 reboot with-active-image
admin equipment ont interface 1/1/3/6/31 reboot with-active-image
admin equipment ont interface 1/1/3/6/32 reboot with-active-image
admin equipment ont interface 1/1/3/6/33 reboot with-active-image
admin equipment ont interface 1/1/3/6/63 reboot with-active-image
admin equipment ont interface 1/1/3/8/63 reboot with-active-image
admin equipment ont interface 1/1/3/8/64 reboot with-active-image
admin equipment ont interface 1/1/3/8/65 reboot with-active-image
admin equipment ont interface 1/1/3/10/5 reboot with-active-image
admin equipment ont interface 1/1/3/10/60 reboot with-active-image
admin equipment ont interface 1/1/3/10/61 reboot with-active-image
admin equipment ont interface 1/1/10/4/1 reboot with-active-image
admin equipment ont interface 1/1/10/4/2 reboot with-active-image
admin equipment ont interface 1/1/14/4/13 reboot with-active-image
admin equipment ont interface 1/1/14/4/14 reboot with-active-image
admin equipment ont interface 1/1/14/6/1 reboot with-active-image
admin equipment ont interface 1/1/14/6/2 reboot with-active-image
admin equipment ont interface 1/1/14/7/4 reboot with-active-image
